Add autogeneration section (#219)
mavlink/MAVSDK-docs: en/autogen/README.md

# Autogeneration

MAVSDK is available in a number of different languages.
These all share the same "core" MAVLink implementation (written in C++), but almost all of the API-specific code for other languages is *autogenerated* from API definition files (and language-specific templates).

This approach means that we don't have to maintain a separate MAVLink implementation or API for each language.

> New features are implemented (just once) in C++, and are then automatically available in Python, Mava, etc.

Reviewer: Oh, what's this new language "Mava"? Should I learn it? Or is it a combination of Maven and Java? 😂

> This topic provides an overview of the architecture and mechanisms.

Reviewer: This sentence is a bit odd. I would probably remove it or write something like:

```suggestion
This page provides an overview of the architecture and explains how to add a feature using the autogeneration.
```

## Overview

The common MAVLink implementation is written in C++ (it is part of MAVSDK-C++). 
The `mavsdk_server` exposes the MAVSDK-C++ API over [gRPC](https://grpc.io/) to the language bindings.
The API for all languages is autogenerated from a single common definition.

> ![MAVSDK structure/architecture](../../assets/autogen/mavsdk_overview.png)

Reviewer 2: Consider adding gRPC label to diagram

Reviewer: Also not sure :confused:

The following parts are autogenerated:

* MAVSDK-C++ API (i.e. header files)
* Most of `mavsdk_server`
* Most of the language bindings

Those parts are maintained manually:

* MAVSDK-C++ implementation (i.e. the MAVLink business logic)
* New plugins need to be added to `mavsdk_server` (this may be automated in future)
* The `System` wrapper in language bindings usually needs to be updated whenever a new plugin is added (this may be automated in future)

> The heart of the autogeneration system is the [MAVSDK-Proto](https://github.com/mavlink/mavsdk-proto) repository, which is described [below](#mechanisms).

Reviewer: No comma before which, I think.

## Autogeneration Mechanisms {#mechanisms}

The autogeneration pipeline is shown below:

> ![Autogeneration pipeline](../../assets/autogen/autogen_overview.png)

Reviewer 2: I would add the proto files to this diagram as an input

Reviewer: Not sure what you mean. I'm omitting this for now.

The main parts are:

* [`protoc-gen-mavsdk`](https://github.com/mavlink/MAVSDK-Proto/tree/master/pb_plugins), which is a `protoc` custom plugin generating MAVSDK's code.
* [The API definition](https://github.com/mavlink/MAVSDK-Proto/tree/master/protos), in the form of proto files.
* Template files (per language, see e.g. the [python templates](https://github.com/mavlink/MAVSDK-Python/tree/master/other/templates/py) or the [C++ templates](https://github.com/mavlink/MAVSDK/tree/develop/templates)).

`protoc` takes the custom plugin (`protoc-gen-mavsdk`) and the template files as inputs, and generate source code out of it.
The way it currently works is that it generates one source file out of each `*.proto` file. For instance, `action.proto` becomes `Action.java` in MAVSDK-Java.

> In some languages (typically C++), we need to generate multiple source files out of one proto definition file, and this is the reason why the C++ generation script runs protoc [in](https://github.com/mavlink/MAVSDK/blob/develop/tools/generate_from_protos.sh#L72-L74) [multiple](https://github.com/mavlink/MAVSDK/blob/develop/tools/generate_from_protos.sh#L76-L77) [passes](https://github.com/mavlink/MAVSDK/blob/develop/tools/generate_from_protos.sh#L79-L81), once [for each template](https://github.com/mavlink/MAVSDK/blob/develop/tools/generate_from_protos.sh#L79-L81) (e.g. "templates/plugin_h" defines the templates to generate `action.h`, `telemetry.h`, ..., and "templates/plugin_cpp" is responsible for `action.cpp`, `telemetry.cpp`, ...).

Reviewer: I would use permalinks here, otherwise the line numbers will be wrong in the future.

* MAVSDK-C++: [script](https://github.com/mavlink/MAVSDK/blob/develop/tools/generate_from_protos.sh), [templates](https://github.com/mavlink/MAVSDK/tree/develop/templates)
* MAVSDK-Python: [script](https://github.com/mavlink/MAVSDK-Python/blob/master/other/tools/run_protoc.sh), [templates](https://github.com/mavlink/MAVSDK-Python/tree/master/other/templates/py)
* MAVSDK-Swift: [script](https://github.com/mavlink/MAVSDK-Swift/blob/master/tools/generate_from_protos.bash), [templates](https://github.com/mavlink/MAVSDK-Swift/tree/master/templates)
* MAVSDK-Java: [script](https://github.com/mavlink/MAVSDK-Java/blob/master/sdk/build.gradle#L54-L73), [templates](https://github.com/mavlink/MAVSDK-Java/tree/master/sdk/templates)
* MAVSDK-C#: [script](https://github.com/mavlink/MAVSDK-CSharp/blob/master/MAVSDK-CSharp/MAVSDK/MAVSDK.csproj#L18-L31), [templates](https://github.com/mavlink/MAVSDK-CSharp/tree/master/MAVSDK-CSharp/MAVSDK/templates)
* MAVSDK-Go: [script](https://github.com/mavlink/MAVSDK-Go/blob/master/tools/generate_from_protos.bash), [templates](https://github.com/mavlink/MAVSDK-Go/tree/master/templates)

## Adding a New Feature

> To add a new feature:

Reviewer 2: @JonasVautherin This section is a placeholder for you to adjust or remove - which you can see from the in-source comments.

I see you answering the question regularly, so having a place to point to the main steps for using the toolchain a good idea.

Reviewer: Yes, I think we need this. It will allow us to direct people to here every time they do a pull request to MAVSDK-C++ instead of proto.

Reviewer: Actually, this is already described in https://mavsdk.mavlink.io/develop/en/contributing/plugins.html#auto-generation.
